What brings me to London. I have lived in London since 2008, when I came down with my family from Paul, which is an area of England, all the way down south. It's next to Bournemouth. It's super sunny. There's a rocky, I think, beach, but Bournemouth was super cool. um, some things you like about London, I like how it's got multiple cultures in one. um, I like the transport. It takes you everywhere. You don't need a car. I guess I, uh, like that all my friends are in London. What are some things you don't like about London? um, well, I went to one of the worst schools in southeast London. um, so I have been chased by gangs. That wasn't the most amazing time. um, other than that, the whole crime aspect of London needs to be sorted out. But yeah, London's not bad at all. Do you have a favorite restaurant or cuisine? No, not at all. Though I do like this one restaurant in the two called jimmy's. I believe it's called jimmy's International. Just like this whole, uh, all you can eat, buffet type place. um, and it's decently cheap, especially for being in the O Two. uh, have you been to any of the parks in London? No. I think I've been to about two. No. If you met someone new to the city, what would you recommend them go see? To be fair, despite living in London for so long, I have not really been to any of the main attractions, um, mainly because I just had no interest, as did my friends, though I would recommend them to go see the museums, I guess. um, other than that, just take some sort of bus tour of the city. Have you been to any tourist attractions? uh, the only one I've been to as of recent, I think, is the British Museum. um, I kind of enjoyed it. ah, it wasn't overrated there's. uh, a lot on display. Then again, there was a lot that they didn't show. About three sections were cut off in the public. um, so just general questions then, um, or topic. I am currently doing my PhD at, ah, ucl, um, at the icn. I'm essentially trying to conduct research into asmr, which is the autonomous sensory meridian response. um, I'm interested in asmr because it is something that has had a lack of scientific interest, uh, even in recent years. There has only currently been four fMRI studies done on it, and one physiological study focused on heart rate and skin conductance. So, ah, doing another one would essentially kind of bolster the research base. um, but in my terms, I would link it to, uh, sort of unexplored aspects of sound processing. In, uh, particular, cross modal processing within the auditory system, and in particular, again, in the corridor auditory fields, where there is sort of underexplored spatial and smat sensory aspects of it, in which asmr is a prime candidate to actually try and explore that further. So that is the plan. um, I guess interests for myself would be gaming, drawing, sometimes painting, sort, um, of games. I like, ah, open world. um rpg. So I can spend a lot of time and essentially escapism from other stuff, essentially uni. uh, I like going out with my friends a lot. Normally do.