Uh, so I moved to London to start a master's degree at University, uh, College London. That, uh, was two years ago, I think maybe a little less. um, I studied cognitive neuroscience at the icn, which is by Russell Square. um, I really enjoyed the course. It was about a year. It was a year. um, uh, I didn't like being poor because I didn't have any income, which wasn't great and which kind of makes living in London quite difficult, but, uh, I did manage to get through the year. Since then I've stayed in London. I actually got a job still with University College London as a research assistant, which I am still doing now. My contract runs out in September. um, and it's been enjoyable so far. I'm working with eeg. um, I feel like I could probably leave it about there. um, so I like, um, ah, there's a lot of good music in London. There are some jazz bands that are active at the moment that I've seen a bunch of and I'm always learning new ones. um, I don't know, in the course of seeing new bands and hearing about people that are playing with certain groups that also have projects of their own. um, I've been to some jazz jams that I've really enjoyed and seen players there and gotten to know people that I really enjoy. um, there's some good ones in hackney. They used to be one where I very close to where I used to live in archway. um, there's a really good night down in like, portobello Road, which is quite a good one. um, there's probably some really good things in the south, but I don't really know about it because I never go to South London. um, London. uh, what else? ah, gracious. uh, I like about London, I suppose I've got a lot of friends in London, uh, because I come from the Isle of wight, which is hideously boring if you're over the age of about four and you've got an iq above 20. um, so a lot of my friends from the Isle of wight have either moved here or they've moved to similar cities in the south of the UK. um, I've also got some friends from university that came to the UK for university and then stayed here and now live in London as well. So it's quite fun going and seeing them. One of them is a DJ, so I've gone to see him play a few times. um, another one I didn't see for a long time and he was married, but then they're getting a divorce, but he moved back to London for a while, so I kept in touch with him for a bit and now he's been sent off to Glasgow through his work, so I only see him very rarely. I'm going to see him very soon at New Years, so that'll be quite nice. um, I'll leave it on there. I, uh, really don't like, I suppose, yeah. The transport in London, the fact that it takes ages to get places. uh, I kind of don't like the mentality of a lot of I think people that are native to the UK. That have moved to London and kind of fallen in love with it, and they don't quite realize or remember what it was like being in their hometown, where they didn't hear about London all the time. So you get this kind of strange mindset where people think that everything's fine and there's so much going on without realizing how bad certain parts of the UK. Can be or how badly they're doing compared to London. And it's a really weird kind of cognitive dissonance, which it's something interesting that I don't really feel like I've heard a lot of my friends talk about. I always find it quite strange that they'd just kind of seem to forget everything outside of London now that they're here. uh, I guess, uh, recently, I've really eaten a lot of noodles, it seems, and there are tons of great places.