Okay. So what brings me to London? Well, uh, I've lived here for pretty much all my life. Uh, I was born in Japan, but I came here when I was four years old, so, UM yeah, I don't. Know what brought me to London, but. I've been here all my life and UM, London is great. I've I'm a, I'm a big city. Boy, I guess I've tried living well. I mean, I had to live, uh. In a smaller city, uh, Oxford for. My undergrad and that was a bit. Boring because there's not too much to do. UM. I think also, coming from an Asian community, there's a bit more of. Like a Japanese scene in London. UM, so you have a bit more things to do, uh, with your Japanese friends in London. UM, what else do I like about London? I like that there are many people I think I feel most comfortable when there's loads of people about. UM, for example, when you're just walking. Through soho or things like that in. The evening, you see loads of people having fun there's, logging around you, a lot of lights and stuff. Yeah, it's different from Oxford, for example. Doing the same in Oxford just feels a bit smaller. You don't feel as part of a. Big crowd or a big place. UM, yeah, things I don't like about London that UM, is actually very hard to think about. Things I didn't like about London at the moment. I guess things are expensive. I mean, that's a pretty bad thing, I guess. And other things. It's far from, uh, my home country, which is Japan. It's expensive to go to Japan and. Uh, it takes a long time. There's like a big time, uh, lag, so it's hard to call family and so on. But generally yeah, I've been to a few places and I don't know if it's just because it's home, but there's not too many things I don't like about London. UM yeah, do I have, uh, so my favorite restaurant or cuisine? Favorite restaurant is a difficult question. I don't like being asked what is. My favorite of anything. Same about cuisine. But just to answer your question, I'll give you a nice restaurant that I know of. UM, and that is one called ginz in chinatown. They do a really good hot pot. M hot pot is a great place. To go with your friends. It can be just one person. That can be like ten people. UM, you can eat what you want. To at the pace that you want and if you're feeling really up for a good time, you can go for karaoke as well. They have like private rooms and places. Where you can go and chill and. Sing with your friends. Favorite cuisine? Recently, I've been enjoying Thai, I guess, which is a little bit strange because I'm also trying to go on a spiceless diet. UM. Yeah, but maybe it's a bit of a guilty pleasure. It's always fun to have a lot of spice in your food. My favorite park, I think. Must be hyde Park. I guess I live near there, so. I have a strong bias. But, UM, one of the nice things about hyde Park is that the run around the serpentine, which is the lake inside.