So I moved to London, I guess, two and a half years ago. And I moved here with my partner at the time, who was doing a Masters in Music at the Royal Academy of Music, studying violin performance. um, and since then, I have gotten a job at the British Library. And that, I guess, is what keeps me in London, um, because I like my job and I like being here. Some of the things that I like about London, I love how much is going on culturally. I think there's just so much to do at all times, um, which is really valuable. I think it's really cool that if you want to see a play, there's not like, I come from a smaller city, and there maybe you want to see a play. You've got two options max here. I don't know, there's, like, 30 things you could go and see just looking at theater, never mind looking at dance or music or, like, opera or ballet or anything, really. There's just so many options, and I love that. I also love how, like, culturally diverse it is. um, and I think that really contributes to a really strong cuisine. There's just food from all over the world, and I love eating, and so that's really nice. And I like a lot of the parks in London. I think that there's a surprising amount of green space for a city of this size. And I also think the architecture is really beautiful and really diverse. I think there's some really interesting brutalism, and there's also just, like, beautiful Victorian homes. So many beautiful Victorian homes. Some of the things I don't like about London would be the pollution. um, I think you can feel that the city is bad for your health. And that's not something that I'm used to, and I don't love that. They say that if you take the tube for an hour, it's equivalent to smoking a cigarette. And that's, like, just a way of getting around. That's not even on purpose, doing something that you know is bad for you. It's just trying to get to work, and that's kind of shitty. Oh, am I allowed to swear? I don't know. That's okay. I did that's. Just regular speech. Just talking. What are some other things I don't like about London? I don't know. It's a pretty great place. I'm not loving the political situation in the UK more broadly. Right now, brexit is a nasty situation, and I don't love that, um, in terms of a favorite restaurant or cuisine. And is it available in London? I think there's so many good places to eat here, and that is hugely important to me as a person who loves to eat. Lately, I've been eating a lot of pizza. Last week, I had pizza three times, which feels semi excessive, but that's okay. I really like not, um, a restaurant, but a bar. The ridley Road Market bar in dalton has five pound pizzas. And they're delicious. And they're only £5, and they have slushy cocktails. And so you can have, like, a beautifully trashy night. And the pizza is actually good. um, I also really like ethiopian food, which is easy to come by and really good Indian food. I really love some samosas, some pecoras, anything deep fried. Yeah. So, so many good places to eat. And I've just moved, and so I'm trying to get to know the restaurants around where I am, which is really fun. There's a 24 hours bagel place, which is great for a late night snack. um, there's also a falafel place that seems to be open at all times. So those late night snacks, so important. Love it. uh, do I have any favorite parks? I really love hampstead heath because it's so big and beautiful and the view is incredible. And there's also places to swim in it, and that's really nice. And I also really like I've just moved close to hackney Downs and close to London Fields, and I really like those both just as sort of green spaces. They're not as impressive as hampstead heath, but they are green. And London Fields has a heated pool, and that's something that I'm hoping to take advantage of. um, so that's cool. If I was talking to someone who just moved here, the things I would recommend.