Okay, so I came to London to do a master's degree and I grew up in Dublin, but my dad is actually English, so I, um, actually have some family in England. So it's quite nice coming over to see them because we never, um, really were that close with them, which is quite bad. um, and I'm actually living with my uncle at the moment for this year. um, so it's quite nice to get to know them better because they're really nice and my auntie has an antique shop. um, so it's quite exciting or just quite interesting getting to go in there and meet her friends because she's friends with all these interesting artists and illustrators. um, and I really like England so far. It's really, really big and there's just so much going on all the time, so many different events. It's quite overwhelming really. You can't keep up with them all and you want to see everything. I really like, uh, the other day I saw, uh, the parakeets in the park and I'd heard about them, but I hadn't seen them. And it's just really nice, unexpected, wacky kind of thing. And it kind of fits the city. I think that there are wild parakeets, even though there shouldn't be. um, I don't like how big London is in a way, just because it takes about an hour to get to the other side, or even further. Like anywhere you want to go on the weekend, you have to travel for ages. um, and I'm not used to that because it takes like, 2 hours to cross Ireland entirely. So it just, um, seems a bit ridiculous. I've never spent that long in public transport. I really like all the market food stalls and all the different types of cuisine because again, we didn't have that in, uh, Ireland. It's just like crafty mexicans with burritos or Italian, but there isn't really much variety. um, and I found this really nice Malaysian restaurant, ah, by Houston station last week. um, and it looks like fast food restaurant and it looks like it's real, uh, tacky and, uh, not great food, but, uh, then when you get in there, it's actually unbelievable food and it was really cheap. I haven't been to too many of the parks and I have a list on my phone of all the parks I need to go to. um, particularly I really want to go to hamster Teeth and, ah, try to go swimming and I don't think I'm going to get to do it before I go home. But I had intended on trying to go for a cold swim because at Christmas in Dublin every year we have to jump in the sea and it's really cold, so I was going to try and prepare for that. ah, so I don't, uh, look like too much of a wimp when I'm nervously edging in in front of all my friends. But, um, yeah, I don't think I'll get around to that. um, and apparently there's like a swan out there as well. So I'd like to check that out. It sounds quite cool. I went to Winter wonderland in, um, hyde Park, and that was an experience. uh, it was definitely very christmassy. um, it was really nice because it was my birthday and people from home flew over to visit me. So, uh, I went in there with them. And, uh, we couldn't get in for ages because the queue was really big. So then by the time we did get in, it was just full of really drunk adults and there was not a child inside, even though it was a big fairground. um, so that was quite fun. We got a lot of mold wine. um, and, yeah, very, uh, touristy, but good event. And if I met someone new to the city, what would I recommend? uh, one thing I've been obsessed with is, um, and I think I need to stop going because it's getting a bit much. But every time the Tape Modern has a late night, like the last Friday of every month, I always go, um, and people are telling me I need to stop going to The Tape. But they are really cool events and they have loads of workshops. And if you join the Tape Collective, which is.