So I'm in London right now because I am doing a PhD in cognitive neuroscience. um, I was living in Cambridge when I was doing my Masters degree, and I was really interested in studying here in London, uh, because ucl is a really great school for neuroscience. um, it's highly productive. There's lots of really interesting stuff going on, lots of talks, uh, and it just seemed like a good place to apply. And my supervisor at Cambridge strongly, uh, recommended that I get in touch with my current supervisor, um, here at ucl. And one thing led to another, and, um, now I'm here, and I've been here for three years now. So, uh, some of the things I like about London, um, I think it has really, really great community. um, I know it's cliche to say that London is vibrant, but it really is, um, it's so multicultural, multilingual. um, people look after each other. I've been on the tube or the bus so many times where someone's needed help and people rush in. um, yeah, so I really appreciate how people look after each other and the sense of community and solidarity. um, it kind of almost feels like the utopian dream sometimes, the way that we can all work together in this big city. So some of the things I don't like about London are, um, there's pretty extreme inequality here. So you see really poor people, lots of rough sleepers, and then you also see people who are like oil tycoons and finance people. And it's sad that, um, there's so much inequality in the society here. um, and I'm also not a big fan of the pollution. uh, it takes its toll on your quality of life. um, in terms of favorite food or cuisine in London, I am a big fan of Indian and bangladeshi food. um, there's lots of great stuff here in London, although I've been told Birmingham is the place to go for really good Indian. um, I also have a few favorite Chinese restaurants. Basically, you can get any cuisine you want in London. Have I been to any of the parks in London? uh, yes. So I go to parks all the time. I like to run, and I tend, uh, to run in places like hampstead heath the most because it's a big park, lots of nature, especially given the pollution in London. It's a really nice place to, uh, sort of reconnect with trees and greenery. If I met someone new to the city, I would definitely recommend they check out the parks, um, or just walk around the neighborhoods, like leave the center of the city, because the tourist stuff is really impressive. um, it's definitely worth walking along south bank, for example. But I think where London really shines is the small neighborhoods, places I didn't discover until I moved here. uh, in terms of tourist attractions, I did go because someone took me as a guest to the dungeons. um, so I went in with pretty low expectations. um, but I actually ended up having a pretty good time. It was spooky, sure. um, but mostly it was actually pretty entertaining. Especially given, um, the actors who kind of jump out at you. um, wouldn't say they try and kind of make it, like, edutainment, and you learn about London's history. I don't know how successfully, but I feel like if you're with someone who really wants to go, sure, take them.